docs(react-sdk): add custom label UI cookbook tutorial (#577)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-sdk/docusaurus/docs/React/06-ui-cookbook/03-custom-label.mdx

- user's name
- microphone and camera mute state
- dominant speaker label
- connection quality indicator

<ImageShowcase
    items={[
        {
            image: DefaultParticipantLabelMuted,
            caption: 'Default muted participant label',
            alt: 'Default muted participant label',
        },
        {
            image: DefaultParticipantLabelConnectionDominantSpeaker,
            caption: 'Default un-muted participant label speaking',
            alt: 'Default un-muted participant label speaking',
        },
    ]}
/>

It is expected that the default component may not meet all the requirements of all the apps in the world. Therefore, we will look into ways, how to customize the contents of the participant label in this tutorial.

## Custom participant label
Our custom label will **include a human-readable call join time** in addition to what the design requirements were. To achieve this, we will need to override the whole [`DefaultParticipantViewUI`](todo docs link to section about DefaultParticipantViewUI) component. You can learn more about `ParticipantViewUI` customizations in [the participant view customizations guide](../participant-view-customizations).

> To retrieve the data about the participant, whose view we are about to render, we use [`useParticipantViewContext`](todo docs link) context consumer hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve the data about the participant, whose view we are about to render, we use [`useParticipantViewContext`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-video-js/blob/main/packages/react-sdk/src/core/components/ParticipantView/ParticipantView.tsx) context consumer hook.
```
